hello good we are going to
represent how energy circulates
through electrical circuits
in this opportunity we are going to represent
a simple electrical circuit and in turn
how it transforms from one energy to another
and there we can expand the elements
basic of a logic circuit that are
the sources that are the piles the cables
drivers the resistance that can be
in this case the motor or a vial and
the switch that interrupts the passage of
Energy
this would be an ornament that we are going to
use for you to see how
this engine works
well here we go as transformed into
Energy
that would be the energy stored in the
batteries
to the electrical energy that is produced
by the Countryside
and well here we are going to unite the
Drivers to the damn
to ignite
as you can see here we can see
that the light has turned on since it has
transformed into energy and it has
pierced the energy of the batteries
to the vial that is also a
transformation
of stored chemical energy
they are nothing more batteries and has been
transformed into an electric power
to turn on the light in the next
experiment we can appreciate how
transforms stored chemical energy
in the piles so that it occurs
mechanical energy
As you can see you have to connect a
cable to the positive side
and to our other cable to the other pole that
is the negative so this can
work well
As you can see our engine starts to
work but if we put this on it
can appreciate better
here we see how the chemical energy of
the piles occurs in the diameter
mechanics
what
this is what is generally used
in paris in several
well here we can represent another
way that is for the common to be attentive
and still standing is a switch for
that interrupts the electricity and here what
we connect and as you see it went on but at
turn and from the rods we can see that
you can also turn it off
then there we can control the
electricity
these would be the experiments that
we did show today and thanks for
have visited us
also good thanks all this was
thanks to the suitcases that we have to
be implemented to do this
experiment and also the school we have
six electric suitcases that come all
the basic implements to make a
simple electrical circuit
Bye thanks